hey whats up guys Adam here today have a
hands-on demo of iOS 6 point of ADA so
as you guys can see here i am on iOS 6
point of beta on my iphone 4s i just
downloaded it through my developer
counts so currently you have to be a
developer in order to download iOS 6
point of ada but if you have a developer
account you can go ahead and download it
and i have right here so i was six point
of it doesn't have any extremely large
features what it has is a bunch of small
features and in this video i'm going to
be showing you guys pretty much every
single feature to expect when iowa six
point 0 comes out in the fall to the
public the first thing i will show you
guys in iowa six point 0 is all the new
application user interfaces some of the
applications have drastic new user
interfaces such as music you guys can
see here it's all white and when you
click on a song so that's a new user
interface when you're on a song and you
guys can see that little metallic icloud
ish you know logo right there next up is
in phone you guys can see the dialer
looks way way different and it actually
looks really cool kind of that same
white theme from music next up in app
store and itunes you guys can see here
we have this kind of a grayish you I all
around and that's the same exact you I
you guys will see in itunes so there it
is next up in the weather application we
now have a metallic blue background that
you guys can see and of course you can
still click on all the different little
individual days right there then in maps
one thing to note here is maps is no
longer google maps it's now Apple's own
maps so they have a much different user
interface and you guys can see this is
the 3d mode and I'm going to have about
a minute of coverage of this maybe even
more in this video so keep watching for
more coverage of the new maps
application then YouTube has a small
user interface change it's just a little
blue bar on the top that's actually the
same as a lot of different applications
on iOS 6 and finally videos has a cool
little you I change as well and kind of
subtle but there it is next up in Iowa
six point 0 is Facebook integration so
you guys can head over to settings and
just like there is an iOS 5 for Twitter
there is actually now Facebook
integration so there's Facebook you guys
can very easily set up your facebook
account and it actually integrates in a
lot of different places of the OS for
example if I go ahead and navigate over
to contacts all my different facebook
contacts are here
and I can go ahead and click on groups
over there and I can very easily hide my
facebook context if I don't want them
the Facebook sharing is also available
through photos so for example I'll click
into a photo here and you guys can see
number one there's a completely new
share menu so there's a new share menu
but you can also see that there's that
little facebook logo and talking about
the new sheer logo there's a mail
message Twitter Facebook assigned to
contact print copy and use as wallpaper
and that is a new share menu in photos
and the final place I'll show you guys
with the Facebook integration is in
Notification Center you guys can see
here we now have a temp to post button
and you guys can also see there's a tap
to tweet so for example I'll just go to
tap to tweet and now we can tweet and
just pops up like that and then tap the
post is very similar and there's the tap
to post next up I'll show you guys the
new changes to mail so in mail there's
now pull to refresh so there it is just
really cool there's also a VIP section
and you guys can see here quickly access
mail from important people in your VIP
mailbox and I don't really have any VIP
people but I can very easily add them
next up there's new application called
passbook this is not actually done but
passbook when it is done this is what
it's going to guys to do so passbook is
for these stuff in your pocket boarding
passes tickets show store cards and
coupons it's going to allow you guys to
access all these in one little unified
application it's going to give you guys
notifications when it's time to you know
board your plan or whatever and that's
just a cool application coming in iOS
6.1 sits out of beta of course next I'm
gonna show you guys they do not disturb
mode this is really cool actually you
guys can turn on do not disturb and once
this is on you will not really be
notified of different alerts and calls
it'll put your phone into silent and you
can actually customize do not disturb
under notifications you go to do not
disturb and you can schedule when it
will turn on to do not disturb mode you
guys can schedule right there from a
different time you can allow calls from
different people repeated calls and that
is the do not disturb mode very cool you
guys will also notice that we now have a
privacy option in settings and you can
pretty much just customize your privacy
settings for location services contacts
and all that next up there's new
features with Siri so let me go ahead
and demo these the first one is you can
now access information about sports how
are the
florida marlins doing this year MLB and
as you guys can see here it's very buggy
right now so that's not really working
but once this is out of beta it will
work there's also information about
restaurants can you make me a
reservation at bonefish for tomorrow at
8pm and there we go it looks like
bonefish does not accept online
reservations but if it is with the
service or using to connect with Siri it
will work and you can actually make
reservations with your iPhone Siri
feature then you can ask about movies
what movies are adam sandler in and
there we go that is the movies feature
and hear all the different new languages
there's quite a few new languages as you
guys can see there and those are pretty
much the new features with Siri next up
let me go ahead and show you guys the
new features with the phone application
and when you receive a call so I'm going
to be expecting a call from Andre or PSN
our ps3 any second now so let's wait for
his call and there it is so as you guys
can hear you now have this little cool
little option here reply with message or
remind me later so we'll reply with
message and can't talk right now and you
guys can basically use one of these so
it's pretty cool I'll call you later and
I guess it just texted him and here's
one more time so we can remind me later
in one hour I guess and there we go and
by the way here is a little text message
it sent when we just did that little
text message from phone application
can't talk right now i'll call you later
and there we go all right guys and
finally is the new maps application app
will completely revamp the old Google
Maps application it's no longer made by
google apple actually made their own
application and this is what it is so
there's a lot of new features with the
Apple maps number one there's a cool 3d
view and as you guys can see here I'm
now in 3d mode and hear all the
different buildings you guys can see in
3d mode looks really cool unfortunately
the whole world does not have this 3d
view right now I guess Apple will try to
implement it by the time iOS 6 comes out
but it does work in you know a lot of
places in California there's actually
turn by turn navigation in this new
Apple maps you guys can see this right
here so current location and then I have
one infinite loop and by war to use this
route it would actually give me
turn-by-turn navigation and there's also
a view called flyover and it allows you
guys basically look
the whole world as if you are flying
over with a plane so there we go guys
that's why hands-on demo of iOS 6 point
oh you guys enjoyed the video be sure to
leave a light green down below and hit
that subscribe button above if you want
to see more iOS 6 coverage anyways guys
thanks all for watching